# SearchStash 🔍🗃️
### *Created for IN6225 Enterprise Applications Project*

##  Planned Functions
* Inventory Management System that allows CRUD operations on Items, Collections and Vendors details
* Items can be added with or without quantities, can be classified into collections and be associated with Vendor for restock purposes
* Use cases include: pantry stock management, office supplies or personal collection documentation

## Setup
1. For creation of starter template, used:
```npx @hilla/cli init --react search-stash```
2. Run dev application service with:
```./mvnw```
3. Producing built jar artifact with:
```./mvnw clean package -Pproduction```
4. Producing of docker image in various ways:
    * Run ```mvn spring-boot:build-image -Pproduction``` (Produces image not optimised for apple silicon)
    * Or Build from [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) with ```docker build . -t search-stash:1.0```
    Then
    1. ```docker tag search-stash:1.0  azharntu/in6225-project:1.0```
    2. ```docker push azharntu/in6225-project:1.0```      
<!-- 4. Setting up of mysql container:
    1. ```docker pull mysql```
    2. ```docker network create web-application-mysql-network```
    3. ```docker run --detach --env MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=test --env MYSQL_USER=test --env MYSQL_PASSWORD=test --env MYSQL_DATABASE=test --name mysql --publish 3306:3306 --network=web-application-mysql-network mysql:latest``` -->
5. Running image with:
    * ```docker-compose up --build```





---
> Default documentation generated by npx @hilla/cli

# Custom project from Hilla

This project can be used as a starting point to create your own Hilla application with Spring Boot.
It contains all the necessary configuration and some placeholder files to get you started.

## Running the application

The project is a standard Maven project. To run it from the command line,
type `mvnw` (Windows), or `./mvnw` (Mac & Linux), then open
http://localhost:8080 in your browser.

You can also import the project to your IDE of choice as you would with any
Maven project.

## Deploying to Production

To create a production build, call `mvnw clean package -Pproduction` (Windows),
or `./mvnw clean package -Pproduction` (Mac & Linux).
This will build a JAR file with all the dependencies and front-end resources,
ready to be deployed. The file can be found in the `target` folder after the build completes.

Once the JAR file is built, you can run it using
`java -jar target/myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` (NOTE, replace
`myapp-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` with the name of your jar).

## Project structure

<table style="width:100%; text-align: left;">
  <tr><th>Directory</th><th>Description</th></tr>
  <tr><td><code>frontend/</code></td><td>Client-side source directory</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>index.html</code></td><td>HTML template</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>index.ts</code></td><td>Frontend 
entrypoint, bootstraps a React application</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>routes.tsx</code></td><td>React Router routes definition</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>MainLayout.tsx</code></td><td>Main 
layout component, contains the navigation menu, uses <a href="https://hilla.dev/docs/react/components/app-layout">
App Layout</a></td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>views/</code></td><td>UI view 
components</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>themes/</code></td><td>Custom  
CSS styles</td></tr>
  <tr><td><code>src/main/java/&lt;groupId&gt;/</code></td><td>Server-side 
source directory, contains the server-side Java views</td></tr>
  <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<code>Application.java</code></td><td>Server entry-point</td></tr>
</table>

## Useful links

- Read the documentation at [hilla.dev/docs](https://hilla.dev/docs/).
- Ask questions on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/hilla) or join our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/MYFq5RTbBn).
- Report issues, create pull requests in [GitHub](https://github.dev/hilla).
